docs: linked to Explore Apps in relevant places (#94315)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/loki/_index.md

Grafana refers to such variables as template variables.

For details, see the [template variables documentation]({{< relref "./template-variables" >}}).

## Try Explore Logs

> Try our [simplified queryless Explore experiences]({{< relref "../../explore/simplified-exploration/logs" >}}) for Loki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try [Explore Logs]({{< relref "../../explore/simplified-exploration/logs" >}}) for a simplified, queryless Explore experience.
```
